2026-03-12 08:59:19 | INFO     | orchestrator | A diagnostic scenario has been started with a saboteur of type SaboteurFixedScenario, a service agent of type ServiceAgentLLM, and an assistant of type None
2026-03-12 08:59:19 | INFO     | SaboteurFixedScenario | The system was saboted producing the following root cause: root cause: 'Burned lamp filaments' symptoms: ''The lamp does not turn on when the switch is operated'
'The green led on top of the power supply module is on'
'The red led on top of the control module is off'' 
2026-03-12 08:59:22 | INFO     | ServiceAgentLLM | First observations about the system: ['The main lamp on top of the load module does not turn on when the switch is flipped.', 'The green LED on top of the power supply module is illuminated.', 'The red LED (inverted cables indicator) on the control module is not illuminated.', 'The system is connected and powered since the power supply indicator is on.', 'There is no visible sign of the lamp turning on from the outside of the load module.']
2026-03-12 08:59:22 | INFO     | orchestrator | Diagnostic assistant has finished setup. Starting diagnostic loop...
2026-03-12 08:59:27 | DEBUG    | DiagnosticAssistantLLM | INPUT: 
The system has the overall function of operating a load (lightbulb).

The system is composed of three modules connected in series: a power supply module, a control module, a load module.
Each module is made of an electrical circuit encased in a wooden cube of 10cm. 
The modules are connected by unmarked cables: two cables come out of one face of the power supply cube and of the load cube, four cables come out of two opposite faces of the control module cube (two cables per face).
The cables are unmarked and have the same color: one cannot distinguish one from the other just by looking at them. 
The cable terminate with fast-connection terminals that can be attached and detached together, allowing for connecting and disconnecting the modules together, and of switching the cables polarity of two connected modules.  
The bottom face of each cube is open, so lifting the cube up, and turning it upside down allows one to look at the circuit inside. 

On the face of the power supply module cube opposite to the cables exit, there is a female cylindrical socket for a 12V input. On the top face there is a green led. The led is in series with a resistor, and the led and the resistor are in parallel to the source, and the led is oriented so that it will turn on when the 12V source is supplied. Of the cables that exit the module, one is connected to the 12V input positive port, the other to the negative port.

The four cables coming out of the control cube constitute two connected couples (so during operations one cable per face will have 12V the other 0V). One such couple can be opened by a switch, which is encased in the middle of one of the cube faces. Connected in between the 12V line and the 0V line there is another resistor in series with a red led, encased on the top face of the cube. The led is oriented in such a way that when the 12V line is mistakenly connected to the 0V line from the power supply, it will turn on. Otherwise it is supposed to stay off during nominal operations. This led is sometimes called control module indicator or control module led but is generally called inverted cables indicator. 

The two cables coming out of the load module are simply connected to the load ports. The lightbulb itself is encased on the top face of the cube. In parallel to the lightbulb there is a smaller lightbulb, that is positioned inside the cube, and can be seen only by either lifting the cube or (preferably) by opening a small peephole located on on of the cube faces. Both lightbulbs are not polarized by themselves, however there is a diod located on the 12V line, before both lightbulbs, such that it will allow current to flow only if the 12V and 0V lines are actually energized with 12V and 0V respectively (it will block current if the polarity is switched).

file-V9wFSAcBY86KRoXPwiA2Q3
The system is experiencing the following symptoms:
'The main lamp on top of the load module does not turn on when the switch is flipped.'
'The green LED on top of the power supply module is illuminated.'
'The red LED (inverted cables indicator) on the control module is not illuminated.'
'The system is connected and powered since the power supply indicator is on.'
'There is no visible sign of the lamp turning on from the outside of the load module.'


2026-03-12 08:59:27 | INFO     | DiagnosticAssistantLLM | OUTPUT: 

name: Observe -> load module (peephole / internal indicator lamp),
description: Look through the load module peephole (or lift the cube) to check whether the internal small indicator lamp is on when the control switch is flipped ON.


2026-03-12 08:59:31 | INFO     | ServiceAgentLLM | Agent executed action: Observe -> load module (peephole / internal indicator lamp) with outcome Upon flipping the control switch ON and observing through the peephole of the load module, the internal small indicator lamp does not turn on.
2026-03-12 08:59:31 | INFO     | ServiceAgentLLM | Agent thinks that the root cause has been found? False
